JP-3648: Move NIRSpec FS point source position assignment out of wavecorr (#8569)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/extract_2d/main.rst

"SLTSTRT2", and "SLTSIZE2."  Keyword "DISPAXIS" (dispersion direction)
will be copied from the input file to each of the output cutout images.

The "SRCXPOS" and "SRCYPOS" keywords in the SCI extension header of each slitlet 
are also populated with estimates of the source
x (dispersion) and y (cross-dispersion) location within the slitlet.
For MOS data, these values are taken from the :ref:`MSA metadata file<msa_metadata>`.
Fixed slit data do not have an *a priori* estimate of the source
location within a given slit, so the estimated source location is
computed by the ``extract_2d`` step. It uses the target coordinates in
conjunction with the aperture reference point in V2/V3 space to
estimate the fractional location of the source within the given slit.
Note that this computation can only be performed for the primary slit
in the exposure, which is given in the "FXD_SLIT" keyword. The positions

> of sources in any additional slits cannot be estimated and therefore
> the wavelength correction is only applied to the primary slit.\ :sup:`1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of sources in any additional slits cannot be estimated and therefore
are set to 0.0 (the center of the slit).\ :sup:`1`
```
